I will expose you p soucy
who
the next step
that I discovered on one foot
talk about the cost problem that I just said cover
at the beginning of the euro
mende new foot
the model
72 '
which is still packed as we can see
and who the productions
ford engineers not much
much cost
imagination
we do not m
as we can see on this one
picture
they wanted to do something light with tanks
insolent rotational axis deported
and we end up with a plateau
which as we can see compared to the trail
horizontal killer behind
p two clinics
so we end up
a master sound the camera this camcorder safe
I base myself
who was inclined and so we end up with an image the clinics
why would you tell me
it's simple
when we look
on the side
underground
we are at the level of the ECB
see the chemistry
a white tent so we can see
here the upper part
and the lower part that come in support
simply with
a support that must apo
to see in the winged
going
we are basically
two millimeters
that is, the camera
for the camcorder
center of support on two millimeters of plastic
I do not even talk about long-term wear account
that can be generated with plastic
but this is a new model
on the wharf
the setting I already have currency
and in addition we have fun
eventually with several eventually
where she has several of a device a little heavier than
than expected well
it causes the problem may get worse as and when
and that the Laviolette setting can not help it because in addition
the wheel you see when it is served
we are going in the direction of increasing
support
increase
the descent finally
of the board
and well possible
ten meters
I wanted to do it
holds
because in any case it would be pretty random and no more
on the plastic material nike has a 3
times the big worry
that I just discovered on
foot hamas
and I hope that
people
we must not
at the same time as me and we have not refined
this model
gama 72
because he may fall on
the same concern as for me
one of the proofs
foot
it's basically you're not right is that when you can
but the foot
perfectly
back home it was his feet
we are on flat ground 26 to
horizontal lines
this is the image for our party that we will learn
on the quarter
that is, we are united
killer
completely oblique
I swear on their bases I'm going up slightly
and you will see
according to arrived
understand
these horizontal lines just because in 2003 are under
to go up
this defect
foot hamas
so I release during the trial
and we find ours
what risks
there I took off my hands
the camcorder with its lines
who knows
completely
offset
and the camcorder fruit and three oriented like that
bravo to see
thank you very much, goodbye